Granular synthesis module.
**à compléter**

Sliders under the graph:
-Pitch Offset:
-Pitch Range:
-Speed Range:
-Duration Range:
-Brightness Range:
-Detune Range:
-Intensity Range:
-Pan Range:
-Density:
-Global seed:

Dropdown menus and toggles:
-Synth Type: Synthesis type (FM - frequency modulation, looped sine, impulse train, cross FM, sawtooth, square, pulsar, addsynth - additive synthesis).
-Pitch Scaling: Scale or chord on which the pitch scaling is based (All-over, serial, major, minor, seventh, major 7, minor 7, minor 7 b5, diminished, diminished 7, ninth, major 9, minor 9, eleventh, major 11, minor 11, thirteeth, major 13 or whole-tone).
-Pitch Algorithm: ** (uniform, linear minimum, linear maximum, triangular, exponential minimum, exponential maximum, bi-exponential, Cauchy, Weibull, Gaussian, Poisson, Walker or loopseg).
-Speed Algorithm: ** (uniform, linear minimum, linear maximum, triangular, exponential minimum, exponential maximum, bi-exponential, Cauchy, Weibull, Gaussian, Poisson, Walker or loopseg).
-Duration Algorithm: ** (uniform, linear minimum, linear maximum, triangular, exponential minimum, exponential maximum, bi-exponential, Cauchy, Weibull, Gaussian, Poisson, Walker or loopseg).
-Intensity Algorithm: ** (uniform, linear minimum, linear maximum, triangular, exponential minimum, exponential maximum, bi-exponential, Cauchy, Weibull, Gaussian, Poisson, Walker or loopseg).
-Max Num of Grains: Maximum number of pulsar grains for the synthesis (5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50 or 60).

Graph only parameters:
-Grain Envelope: Envelope of the pulsar grain (custom).
-Overall Amplitude: The amplitude curve applied on the total duration of the performance.
