# Cecilia5 #

Cecilia is an audio signal processing environment. Cecilia lets you create 
your own GUI (grapher, sliders, toggles, popup menus) using a simple syntax. 
Cecilia comes with many original builtin modules for sound effects and synthesis.

Previously written in tcl/tk, Cecilia (version 4, named Cecilia4) was entirely 
rewritten in Python/wxPython and uses the Csound API for communicating between 
the interface and the audio engine. Version 4.2 is the last release of this branch.

Cecilia5 now uses the pyo audio engine created for the Python programming 
language. pyo allows a much more powerfull integration of the audio engine to 
the graphical interface. Since it's a standard python module, there is no need 
to use an API to communicate with the interface.

# Official web site #

To download the latest version of Cecilia5, go to 
[the official web site!](http://ajaxsoundstudio.com/software/cecilia/)

# Requirements #

**Minimum versions (for running Cecilia5 from sources):**

Python: 2.6 or 2.7

wxPython: 3.0.0.0

pyo: 0.7.5

numpy: 1.7.1

# Changes #

## Version 5.0.8 ##

- Record button now records in realtime (offline rendering is now triggered with Menubar->Action->Bounce to Disk.

- User can set the starting point by moving the cursor above the grapher.

- Drag and Drop file or folder on the input sound popup to loads sounds.

- Right-click on sound popup opens a "Recent audio files" popup.

- Sliders can be controlled with MIDI or Open Sound Control messages.

- When moving a point on the graph, Alt key clipped the position on the horizontal axis while Shift-Alt keys clipped the position on the vertical axis.

- Added two batch processing modes. Either every presets applied on the selected sound, or the current preset applied to every sounds in the folder.

- Midi notes are automatically assigned to the sampler transposition and controller 7 to the master gain. Must be activated in the preferences.


## Version 5.0.7 ##

- Disabled duration slider while playing.

- Fixed segmentation fault on preset changes.

- Added a DropFileTarget on the Grapher (for .c5 or .py files).

- Fixed opening soundfile player/editor on Windows and OSX.

- Changed delay time before a popup close itself (when loosing focus) from 500 ms to 1000 ms.

## Version 5.0.6 ##

- Fixed memory leak occuring on each run play/stop (need pyo [revision 974](https://code.google.com/p/cecilia5/source/detail?r=974)).

- Allow fraction notation in cgen (list entry in the interface).

## Version 5.0.5 ##

- Disabled printing sound info for all sounds in the selected folder.

- Added new filter module, Vocoder. (need pyo to be up-to-date with sources).

- Fixed wrong executable path generated by py2app (OSX app).

- Removed Jack and Coreaudio from driver's list in bundled app on OSX (leaved them when running from sources).

- Fixed bug: The red button doesn't turn off at the end of recording.

- cgen ignores trailing coma in poup entry.

- Fixed bug: Do not quiery for the control panel if the interface doesn't exist yet.

- Fixed bug in ListEntry widget when loading from a preset.

## Version 5.0.3 ##

- List in cgen popup window can now be entered as 'comma' or 'space' separated values.

- Fixed number of channels used by the audio Server.

- Wait for the audio Server releasing soundcard's stream before allowing to play again.

- Fixed saving .c5 file on Windows.

- Added 2 filter modules: BrickWall.c5 and BandBrickWall.c5.

## Version 5.0.2 ##

- Automatically save a preset named "last save" when saving a module. On module loading, if "last save" preset exists, it is activated.

- Fixed display of the Channels menu.

- Fixed bugs in sliders automation recording.

## Version 5.0.1 ##

- Fixed audio input/output selection.

- Fixed BaseModule.addSampler "pitch" argument.

## Version 5.0.0 ##

First beta release.